The first app, named AudioServer stores a number of audio clips, such as songs or other recordings. The clips are numbered 1 through n, where n is the total number of clips. The app contains a service intended to be bound (as opposed to started), which exposes an API for clients to use. The API supports such functionality as playing one of the audio clips, pausing the clip, resuming the clip and stopping the playing of the clip altogether. In addition, this app maintains an SQLite database that keeps track of all the requests that were received by the AudioServer app. For each request, the database records the date and time (including seconds) when the request was received, the kind of request (e.g., whether to stop or resume a clip), the number of the clip (if applicable) and the current state of the service when the request was received (e.g., playing clip number 3, paused while playing clip number 4, etc.) Additional functionality exposed by the AudioServer API allows a client application to query the database for all transactions that were recorded thus far in the database.

The second app, PlayerClient consists of an activity that exposes functionality for using the AudioServer and binds to the service for playing desired audio clips. Your interface should mininally include appropri- ate View elements for the following functionality: (1) Playing a given clip (by number), (2) Pausing the playback, (3) Resuming the playback, (4) Stopping the player, and (5) Getting a record of all AudioServer transactions (i.e., requests) recorded so far. The transactions are shown in a second activity that contains a ListView.
